remaining packer content (#13285)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/commands/plugins/install.mdx

---
description: |

>   The `packer plugins install` command downloads and installs Packer plugin binaries without a Packer template so you can manually install plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `packer plugins install` command manually downloads and installs Packer plugins without having to update and initialize a build template. 
```
